https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-31310--2.17 (#8817)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: install/uninstall.adoc

oc delete discoveryconfigs --all --all-namespaces
----

> * If you use Agent Service Configuration, you need todisable and remove the `AgentServiceConfig` resource. Complete the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you use Agent Service Configuration, you need to disable and remove the `AgentServiceConfig` resource. Complete the following steps:
```
